OOP has Characteristics and Actions

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Vocabulary
class - a blueprint consisting of methods and attributes
object - an instance of a class. It can help to think of objects as something in the real world like a yellow pencil, a small dog, a blue shirt, etc. However, as you'll see later in the lesson, objects can be more abstract.
attribute - a descriptor or characteristic. Examples would be color, length, size, etc. These attributes can take on specific values like blue, 3 inches, large, etc.
method - an action that a class or object could take
OOP - a commonly used abbreviation for object-oriented programming
encapsulation - one of the fundamental ideas behind object-oriented programming is called encapsulation: you can combine functions and data all into a single entity. In object-oriented programming, this single entity is called a class. Encapsulation allows you to hide implementation details much like how the scikit-learn package hides the implementation of machine learning algorithms.

Python:
self is a dctionary that holds all of your attribute and the attribute value


A function and a method look very similar. They both use the def keyword. They also have inputs and return outputs. The difference is that a method is inside of a class whereas a function is outside of a class.


Python magic methods let you customise and override default python behaivours

__init__
__repr__
__add__

def (self, other):
"""

Conda manages environments AND packages. Pip only manages packages


json.loads take a string as input and returns a dictionary as output.

json.dumps take a dictionary as input and returns a string as output.